doc(kb): v2 sharded volume io stall when iobuf large pool exhausted (#1430)
longhorn/website: content/kb/troubleshooting-v2-sharded-volume-io-stall-due-to-iobuf-large-pool-exhaustion.md

        fi
    else
        echo "(skipped: pod serves no instances, no spdk.sock)"
    fi
    echo
done

echo "==================================================================="
CURRENT_SETTING=$(kubectl -n "$NS" get settings.longhorn.io \
                  data-engine-iobuf-large-pool-size -o jsonpath='{.value}' 2>/dev/null)
echo "Current setting:        ${CURRENT_SETTING:-<unset, SPDK default 1024>}"
echo "Recommended (max pod):  $BIGGEST_RECOMMENDATION"

if [ "$BIGGEST_RECOMMENDATION" -le 1024 ]; then
    echo "The default already covers this topology. No change needed."
    exit 0
fi

echo
echo "Apply with:"
echo "  kubectl -n $NS patch settings.longhorn.io data-engine-iobuf-large-pool-size \\"
echo "    --type merge -p '{\"value\":\"{\\\"v2\\\":\\\"$BIGGEST_RECOMMENDATION\\\"}\"}'"
```

### Step 2: apply it

Run the `kubectl patch` command the script printed.

- The pool is sized when `spdk_tgt` starts, so each instance-manager pod picks up the new value when its pod is recreated. Longhorn recreates pods with no running instances automatically. A pod serving volumes keeps the old size until you detach the volumes on that node or delete the pod.

> - Each buffer is 132 KiB, so a pool of 4096 uses 528 MiB of hugepage memory, taken from the fixed [Data Engine Memory Size](https://longhorn.io/docs/1.13.0/references/settings/#data-engine-memory-size) budget. Raising that setting raises the instance-manager pod's hugepage request by the same amount, so the node's hugepage allocation must have room as well; if it does not, Longhorn refuses to recreate the pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the `kubectl patch` command the script printed. 

> **Warning: Hugepage Memory Budget**
> Each buffer is 132 KiB, meaning a pool of 4096 uses 528 MiB of hugepage memory. This memory is taken from the fixed [Data Engine Memory Size](https://longhorn.io/docs/1.13.0/references/settings/#data-engine-memory-size) budget. If you must raise that memory setting to accommodate the larger pool, ensure the node's underlying hugepage allocation has enough room. **If the node lacks sufficient hugepages, Longhorn will refuse to recreate the instance-manager pod.**

**Note on application timing:**
The pool is sized when `spdk_tgt` starts, so each instance-manager pod picks up the new value only when its pod is recreated. 
* Longhorn recreates pods with no running instances automatically. 
* A pod currently serving volumes keeps the old size until you detach the volumes on that node or manually delete the pod.
```

### Step 3: verify

> Rerun the workload and repeat Diagnosis check 2. With a sufficient pool, the `large_pool` `retry` counter stays 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rerun the workload and repeat Diagnosis Check 2. With a sufficient pool, the `large_pool` `retry` counter will stay at `0`.
```
